README.md, before:

 #Aloha, Friend!#

 ![Aloha Website Screenshot](/aloha-screenshot.png)

 ##Project Summary##

 The Aloha Homepage Project tasked us with developing a homepage for our client, 
 Aloha Apparel Co. Part 1 of the project focused on building out the HTML and CSS
 components of this responsive website.

 ##Technology##
 
 HTML, CSS, Git/GitHub, Terminal/Command Line

 ##Personal Learning##

 The objective learnings of this project were simply HTML and CSS. As these skills became
 familiar I began to understand the interworkings of the code including semantics,
 inheritance, specificity. By the end of the project I was manipulating the theoretical to
 aid my code's efficiency. 

 For example, getting the social media icons and their corresponding text inline was a
 major pain because of inheritance. The text was not inline because it was inheriting 
 a "text-align: center" tag from my defined "li" element. To fix this I removed the tag
 from "li", adding it to my "body" element so the "li" that needed the "text-align" would 
 inherit it, then I aligned the social media names with a "text-align" in the class I 
 defined for them. This is a demonstration of, not only inheritance, specificity too!

Commit message:

Added carousel, tried to implement smooth-scrolling, updated README and screenshots

README.md, after:

 ##Aloha, Friend!

 ![Aloha Website Screenshot](./aloha-screenshot-pt2-1)

 #Project Summary

 The Aloha Homepage Project tasked us with developing a homepage for our client, 
 Aloha Apparel Co. Part 2 of the project focused on building upon our HTML and CSS, starting
 with a Mobile-First foundation. Our main goal was to build a responsive website, from mobile, 
 to tablet, to desktop. Also, implementing Javascript components to make it look purdy.

 #Technology
 
 Flickity, jQuery, Javascript, HTML, CSS, Git/GitHub, Terminal/Command Line

 ![Aloha Carousel Screenshot](./aloha-screenshot-pt2-4)

 #Personal Learning

 The objective learnings of this project were geared towards a mobile-first approach meanwhile 
 implementing Javascript components. From desktop to mobile-first, then back again, was not a
 minor task, but beneficial nonetheless. Having a compartmental foundation was incredible 
 beneficial especially when we were pushed to remove floats from the first part of our project
 and implement the flexbox technique. 

 For example, building a responsive header was a major hurdle. Manipulating both text and images
 using floats would have been nigh impossible to do. Instead, having the three components, logo, 
 navigation bar, and cart icon, in compartments made it (relatively) easy.

 ![Reflexive Categories](./aloha-screenshot-pt2-4)

#Improvements

This project I fell short on major requirements. I struggled with implementing javascript when I
felt I should have been able. Furthermore, there were stylistic components that I missed 
including text-styling, banner-heights, and ill-conceived white space. Although I was proud of 
my footer and header, I fell short on the content in between, especially with implementing
smooth scrolling, consistent section heights, and fundamental components such as browser
compatibilities and website accessibility.
